You found some gold stashed in a nearby dustbin.
You helped a farmer harvesting his seasonal crops and earned some decent side money!
You worked hard at a mining drill and earned some decent side money!
You worked at an automobile repair shop and earned a quick buck.
While working as a janitor in a space automation firm, you found some uranium-made wear in the dumping-fill, Talk about side money!
The Duke of your province is celebrating his birthday, everyone gets a tribute.
Your Planet, Alorix won their Inter-stellar galactic war against a hostile planet, Everyone shares the bounty!
You travelled a Museum and found some gold stashed behind an old and dusty statue of a warlock.
You worked in a nearby cafe and made some earning.
A magician you went to see perform, was attacked by the crowd for faking a trick that made a coin chest appear out of thin air in front of your hands...The room bloomed in chaos and you got to run away with the money.
Your County's Local Gunsmith was inspired by your forging skills and offered you a job, some more side money!
You worked for a planetary taxi service, great way to make some bucks on the side!
You found some money stashed in your sofa.
You got made some bucks on the side while working as a shoe salesman
You did a part time job as a valet for a inter-planetary space station and made a few bucks.
You helped an old lady learn how to use a portable spaceship, she was inspired by your teaching and tipped you some money!
You grown some rare seasonal crops in your garden with Hydroponics and made good profit for this winter.
You made a very intriguing artifact and sold it to a Rich Lord for a hefty price!
You offered your house as a safe house for the treatment of sickly and injured legions during a battle, seeing your devotion the Head Marshal awarded you with a prestigious reward!
A snake came into view while you were resting in your chamber, you attempted to hit it with a crowbar, luckily the snake died in a few blows, and you sold his rare skin for great money!
You started a hybrid Bioponics farm and made an amazing fortune
A Count from a nearby planet, challenged you to a one-on-one price, promising rewards if you win. You ended up kicking his ass!
You designed an AI Machine that motivates people when they are sad and made a fortune from it.
Your neighbour bought 100 lottery tickets and gave you one to keep as joke. You won the lottery!
A sailor offered you a lesson on sword fighting, you ended up badly injuring yourself. [Life -1]
Your pet Kila died......It drained the life out of you [Life -1]
A crazy psychic offered you to share their insights on your future, you rejected the psychic's offer and ignored their mumbled warnings. You woke up next day barely escaping with burns and injuries from a huge fire that burned your house [Life -1]
A nearby hostile faction has installed a Weather-changing Mechanoid nearby which forces a constant temperature of -25C in your region, giving you frostbite [Life -1]
A space exploration group is offering a free tour to a nearby Planet Asrite, enthusiastically you immediately sign up for the event. On the event day however, just before the takeoff however, your hopes were demolished as the group turned out to be a trap planned out by a hostile cannibal faction and tried to attack everyone, You barely escape and sustained several wounds and injuries. [Life -1]
You got addicted to gambling and tried to rob an old lady. Unlucky for you her bionic arm knocked you out cold in no time. [Life -1]
You were trying some new psychic lasers in the range and ended up injuring yourself. [Life -1]
In a dream about stars and planets you see a button within a blank space labelled as 'New Event' in the midst of the stars, as soon as you press it you wake up abruptly, leaving you transfixed as you witness a bag of gold coins materialize out of thin air, in your lap.
You heard some commotion outside the street and were left amused when you saw a bunch of guards chasing presumably a criminal, coming right in your way. You hid yourself and tried to trip him, he managed to stay on his feet and tried to stab you...Thanks to your reflexes you dodged the shank and successfully wrestled him down to the floor. You were rewarded handsomely by the Mayor of your town.
You started a Modern Age Hybrid animal farm and it bloomed with profits in no time, Here's to success!
You investigated a nearby debris of crashed meteorite, and managed to extract and sell some uranium ores to a local dealer for an unbelievable amount of fortune!